c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\bin\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.exe
C:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\bin\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.deps.json
C:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\bin\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\bin\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.dll
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\bin\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.pdb
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\bin\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Aplicacion.dll
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\bin\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Repositorios.dll
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\bin\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Aplicacion.pdb
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\bin\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Repositorios.pdb
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.sourcelink.json
C:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Cons.1669A3FB.Up2Date
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.dll
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\SGE.Consola.dll
c:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.pdb
C:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\SGE.Consola.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\adrie\Desktop\Facultad\2º año\Seminario - entrega.NET\SGE\SGE.Consola\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\SGE.Consola.dll
